So the very first thing that we're going
to do is to fetch the data from the URL
that was passed as an argument cuz this
makes this higher order component super
reusable.
We're not just fetching
from the listing to URL,
we can fetch from any
URL that we pass to it.
So first,
we just have to use this effect again.
Fetch(url) then res res.json,
the normal fetch stuff.
And then based on this data,
we can set the data.
We just have data, setData.
It's React.useState.
I'm just going to make this
only render on initial.
And then if there's no data, so
this is kind of where the higher-order
component logic comes in.
We want to show that LoadingSpinner.
Now, I'm aware that this could also
mean that there has been an error.
So normally,
you probably also wanna account for that.
But in this case,
we'll just say if there's no data yet,
just return that LoadingSpinner.
And otherwise, we will return the element
that was passed as this element,
so the first one that we wrapped
the higher-order component with,
and then also pass this data, right?
So now when we go back to listings, We
don't want to export default the listings,
we actually want to import the withLoader
higher-order component first, so
withLoader from,
Let's see how far up I have to go.
I think it's twice, hoc/withLoader, yes.
And then in here, I'm going to default,
so these components.
And it also expected that
URL from which to fetch it.
So I'm just going to pass this one here.
And now it will get this as props.
So I don't have to use this anymore.
And I believe it will be props.listings.
So let's see how deeply fetched that is.
I'm just gonna check how, See,
props data.listings, so okay,
props.data.listings, so data, okay, cool.
Yeah, so now we created our
higher-order component, and
you see this little loading spinner
spin when there is no data yet.
So even if we have multiple components and
maybe fetch from another API,
we can easily just reuse this withLoader
higher-order component by simply passing
it another URL.
And then probably also another component.
Yeah, so that's really cool thing about
higher-order components is that they're
super reusable, they're super flexible.
And it makes it really easy to
easily add presentational data and
also fetching data.